# Project2
This is a project about my JavaScript projects. In this assignment I designed and developed a full web project, incorporating interactive aspects. The project utilise HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. My three JavaScript projects include a Calculator, a "To-Do-List", and a Game "Rock, Paper, Scissors". In the Index, the main page of the project I created a grid container with an header, a main section and a footer. From the header you can click and access the other sections of the website: Home, About, Contact, and Privacy. In the Home page I included a short history of JavaScript as a programming language. In the Contact section there is a simple form where the user can ask for support by sharing the email address. Also, in the header you can click and access the three JavaScript projects. The Calculator can perform basic operations like addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. I underlined the "equal" button with a different colour, and used style to make the appearance agreeable and users friendly. The "to-do-list"created with Javascript, is an helpful tool to organise and prioritize tasks. Is it possible to add elements to the list and then deleting them once done. So, you can easily add a todo item and then delete something from the list. The last JavaScript project is a simple game "Rock, Paper, and Scissors". It is an intransitive hand game, usually played between two people. In this case, the player will play with the computer and after the choice, between one of the three options (Rock-Paper-Scissor), will see the outcome. I used a different colour to underline the result.



